Recipie
In order to make RED SAUCE:
In a pan heat 1/2 cup water and to that add two medium size tomatoes. 
Cover the pan and cook for 10-12 minutes on medium flame. After boiling 
the tomatoes if you want you can remove the skin or you can keep them as
it is. Switch of the flame and let the tomattoes cool down and after that
grind them into a smooth puree. After that heat 2-3 tbsp cooking oil in   
a pan. Then add 2tbsp finely chopped garlic. Saute the garlic for 30 sec
to 1 min and till the raw smell of the garlic is gone and it turns 
slightly golden. Now add medium sized finely chopped onion and again 
saute till the onion becomes golden in color. Now add the boiled tomatoe 
puree, which we had prepared.Add one tsp red chillie powder or you can 
increase or decrease as per taste. Now add one tsp oregano,1/2 tsp chille
flakes. Give everything a good mix, at this time the flame should be low
to medium. After 2-3 mins add some salt a little water 1/2 tsp sugar and 
need to keep cooking this, you can cover and cook until the raw smell is
gone for 5 minutes on low flame. After that give it a mix and our red 
sauce is ready.

In order to make WHITE SAUCE:
Keep 3tbsp butter in a pan and let it melt now, to this heated butter 
add 3tbsp all purpose flour or maida. You need to keep whisking so that
there are no lumps and for 2-3 minutes between low to medium flame you 
to need to roast it till the raw smell of the maida is completely gone.
After that keep adding milk 1 cup milk and you need to countinuosly whisk
so that no lumps are formed in it. At this time the flame should be low.
Now, add 1/2 cup oregano and some salt as per taste. Give it a good mix.
Our white sause is ready, keep it aside. 

In order to prepare the veggies:
In a pan heat 2tsp oil to that add 2tbsp finely chopped garlic and saute 
for a few seconds till the raw smell is gone approximately 30 sec-1min,
then add 3/4 cup boiled sweet corns, 2 small sized capcicum, one cup 
button mushroom(optional) so the flame at this time should be medium
one small sized tomatoes, 3/4 tsp oregano, 1 tsp chillie flakes and
some salt as per taste. You need to saute these veggies at medium flame,
you can also keep the flame high between medium to high the mushroom 
leaves water and the veggies are cooked yet a little crunchy.

In order to make lasagna:
Now take some bread slices according to your pan in which you are going 
to cook. Remove the sides and then roll each slice with a rolling pin or
(beylin), if the bread will be nice and fresh it will be easier for you 
to roll it, do the same with other bread slices. 
Now let's move ahead to the oven setup:
Heat a khadayi in that put 1/2 cup cooking salt and preheat for 10 mins
at medium flame, or if you are using OTG or convection preheat it at 
180 degree Celcius. Now take a baking dish, if you do not have a ceremic
baking dish you can use the glass one or the normal cake mold any dish
which you have available, which can be used in oven or khadai.
Now for the first layer let's spread the red sauce first at the bottom 
and little bit of the white sauce. Second layer would be the layer of 
bread, 4 bread slices and on top of that again i'm going to put red sauce
layer and some white sauce and then spread it nicely. Now put the layer 
of veggies, spread them evenly. Then put cheese and more white sauce.
So one layer of cheese and then again a layer of bread followed by red 
sauce white sauce and the remaining cheese will go after this layer and 
a little more white sauce. and then put some veggies and some red sauce
on the top so that it looks nice and colourful. So once your done 
prehaeting your OTG or khadayi you need to bake this for 10-15 mins,
if you feel that it should be baked a little longer you can do that also.
So the next step which I am going to tell you is something you need to
do only in case of khadayi because in case of OTG or convection the heat
is also from the top so the top becomes nice and even, so open it just 
smudge a little bit and and again cover and bake for the remaining time.
Now the lasagna is ready, take it out and if you want you can put some 
chillie flakes on the top.

				THANK YOU!